hey what's up everybody from that world
here and I'm here today to quickly get
my thoughts last review of naruto
chapter 5 38 I'm in a bit of a rush
today I got a couple things to do but
I'm basically giving you a brief
synopsis and my thoughts so this chapter
was combined between two things it was
the QB has I guess reformed based on
some chakra or whatever he's been
getting from Naruto and there was a
flashback sequence between Naruto and
Sasuke back in the day when they were in
the Academy this was again this is the
thing that bothers me about Naruto is
the constant flashback sequence of
Naruto and Sasuke when they were younger
Brandon I like the two characters and I
like those type of interactions I rely
on them but I'm a little tired of seeing
stuff like this there in the academy
sighs he's a popular guy Naruto thinks
maybe if I beat Sasuke this popular guy
I'll become the popular guy
of course Sasuke you know knocks no no
so down you see a panel he's knocked
down and then a Ruka sensei says do
something of you know it's kind of like
have some sportsmanship in other words
and he keeps talking and telling him
that and while that is going on here
that flashback sequence the real thing
that's going on is I guess the best
chunks of this whole chapter which is
the QB telling are also oh you still
haven't saved Sasuke you know he's still
trying to weasel his way out of this
because he kind of I'm sure it doesn't
want to be you know sleeping - normal -
whatever it's oh he's still trying to
like you know hatred will consume you
eventually like Nagato it did - Nagato
hey tree or whatever so that was
probably the most interesting part of
the chapter I was really enjoying this
stuff because I always loved
interactions between Cuba and Naruto and
I wonder it's just like maybe it's the
first steps of gnarled so finally
controlling the QB it's funny because
all the other like hottie be for example
actually listens to QB and it seems like
this one the ninetails is a lot harder
to control because he's probably a lot
stronger and of course he's nine tails
that's the eight tails but he still
seems like he's up to something
either that or he's turning around a bit
I don't know it's hard to tell what the
nine tails if he's like conforming to
being a controlled
tailed beasts or whatnot but I kind of
think he's a softy in a way because if
you look at it this whole time he's been
lending his chakra Naruto granted there
was the thing of him wanting to control
Naruto like you know probably I'll give
you my chakra so in the end he could
control him but still nonetheless he was
lending him chakra and I guess in a way
he's still not all the way back because
when you see his hands it's kind of like
he's missing fur on his hands and such
but you know I guess it was that was
really awesome to see the QB and see
that Naruto now ain't scared him no more
he's like being bold ever since he'd
beat him in that fight I guess he's
really bold now with the cubing it's
like you know he's not taking nothing
from the QB but let me know what you
thought in the chapter in the comment
section below or with a video response
giving me your thoughts what was your
favorite part obviously it should be the
QB stuff because nobody really cares so
much about a flashback in my opinion
maybe you do I really could care less
about that one let me know in the
comment section below that's all I have
for you guys today I'm for the never
world and have an awesome day people